♪ I see it clear,
the stairway ♪
♪ Reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up
until I see the light, I go ♪
♪ Tell me something, how much
higher can we go from here? ♪
♪ We changing the game ♪
♪ And they all wanna know if
this is only a phase ♪
♪ Don't have the answer but we
keep on climbing ♪
♪ Breaking boundaries
and setting the pace ♪
♪ And we ain't never gonna stop
until the world's our stage ♪
♪ Yeah, you might say
that it's impossible ♪
♪ Stronger together,
we'll turn it into probable ♪
♪ And in the darkest shadows
we'll be shining, uh ♪
♪ So hold on tight 'cause
we KO every single fight ♪
♪ I see it clear, the stairway
reaching up to the sky ♪
♪ It seems so far away now ♪
♪ I'm wondering if I'll ever get
all the way to the end ♪
♪ But it's a risk I gotta take ♪
♪ I'll keep on running
all day and night ♪
♪ 'Cause even if it kills me ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up
until I see the light, I go ♪
♪ No turning back ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪ I'm not gonna fall ♪
♪ I'll rise
till I reach the sky ♪
♪ Go up ♪
♪ Never let you go,
never let you go ♪
♪ I won't give it up
until I see the light, I go ♪
[ Bird calls ]
[ Growls ]
I'll make you
regret pissing me off.
[ Sighs ] That's always been
his biggest weakness.
He goes into a rage
and loses control.
He forgets to hold back.
He'll unleash full strength
upon even the weakest opponent.
Quant: [ Laughs ]
You know,
I'm a Ranker,
but you still don't take
me seriously, bad move.
Lero Ro: Fortunately,
the amount of Shinshu
he's able to harness
inside the arena
is being severely limited.
That said, it's likely
will become unable
to continue the test.
Hmph.
[ Shuddering, gasps ]
[ Laughs ]
But I will admit
it was quite a clever play.
You don't need to be that bold
to compete with me.
Uh... I really don't have
a good feeling about this.
He's just pretending.
Well, he's patient,
I'll give him that.
So what comes
after the surprise attack?
Khun!
Khun: Looks like we'll have
to go with Plan B.
Hm.
Oh, you're running, huh?
That'll be fun.
Then how about I give you
a 111 second head start
and I'll even use the stairs
instead of the elevator?
That's quite a handicap.
Oh, sometimes I'm astounded
by my own generosity.
[ Laughs ]
♪♪
Something still rings
a bit odd to me.
What would that be?
Quant may be an idiot,
but he's still a Ranker.
Did Khun really think this trite
strategy would work on him?
You think it's trite,
do you?
Huh?
Nothing.
I'm sure
if we keep watching,
we'll understand soon enough.
Quant: 16, 17, 18.
Isn't this all
kind of unfair?
How?
They said they divided
the teams evenly,
but they must have
really scraped the bottom
of the barrel for our team.
Hmm?
I suppose.
You're obviously
an exception, Princess.
[ Gasps ]
Princess?
Why are you so anxious?
It's just because Rachel or
Michelle, I guess, isn't here.
Mm.
Michelle just wandered
off somewhere.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Why? You need to talk to her?
N-No, I, um.
Hmm?
Why did you end up
teaming up with her?
No reason.
It just boiled down to those two
being the last ones left.
That's pretty much it.
I see.
Mm.
Hey, look, Anaak's getting in
the elevator.
Looks like it.
And I can guess where
she's headed --
the top floor.
Shibisu:
Looks like we've got
this thing in the bag.
once she crosses the bridge,
the goal will be right there.
Do you really think a Ranker
would give us a head start
without some kind
of hidden agenda?
What?
108, 109, 110, 111?
Heh.
Looks like time's up, everyone,
man your positions!
It's going to take
at least ten minutes
for Anaak to reach the bridge.
Quant has no choice but to take
the stairs to the exit.
That's where we can
ambush him.
Once there, We need to stop
him for at least five minutes.
Lookouts, standby.
If plan B doesn't
end up working out,
then your job is to lure their
"It" to the exit for me.
Well, you heard him.
Yeah, we got this.
-He's coming.
-Hm?
♪♪
Quant:
Trying to gang up on me, huh?
Which I assume means
your "It" is headed up
to the exit as we speak.
I'd better hurry after her,
shouldn't I?
But first, I'll teach you
a special lesson
from Professor Quant.
Scouts move up to the front
lines to gather information.
It's common for us
to end up outnumbered.
Now, here's your pop quiz.
[ Both gasp ]
What does a scout do to avoid
becoming a sacrificial pawn?
-He vanished?
He's gone!
Where'd he go?
Grah!
[ Gasps ]
[ Grunts ]
[ Both gasp ]
Piece of shit!
Come on, attack already!
[ Grunting ]
[ Grunts ]
Ha!
[ Yells ]
♪♪
Quant: Over here.
Grah!
[ Both grunt ]
♪♪
Are you pretending
to be a scout?
Huh?
Remember this?
Those too confident in their
strength are the first to die.
Sorry, but a spear belongs
in your hands.
Better luck next time.
[ Gasps ]
[ Gurgles, grunts ]
Heh, might want to
lay there a while.
Huh?
Man:
It hasn't even been one, yet.
Woman: Damn it!
Kill the bastard!
Yeah, take him out.
Breakers are amazing.
You should be
more happy about this.
Huh?
If Team A were to win,
then you'd fail the whole
position selection test.
I'm sure the handsome Lauroe
in that incredibly plain
gloomy girl will pass.
Wow. You're aware of everyone's
position, not just your own.
Don't underestimate
a Princess of Jahad.
Right, I'm sorry.
Mm.
Um...
If you have a question,
hurry up and spit it out.
Oh, okay.
Do you think Michelle
will pass the test
if she keeps doing
what she's doing?
Don't know.
What would you prefer?
Huh?
Hmm.
♪♪
Khun:
Bad news, the stair team's
been wiped out,
the other team's "It"
will reach
the top of the stairs soon.
And when he does,
my super inferno will --
Seriously, what are we
going to do, Khun?
I know.
Let's get Lauroe.
Unfortunately, Lauroe's asleep
at the starting line.
What?!
I reviewed his data
during my Light bearer class.
He'll pass regardless
of the results of this test.
Well, damn.
It is finally time for me
to whip out my killer arts?
In the name of Chocolate Bar,
consider yourself crushed.
[ Waves crash ]
Say something, damn it.
He really puts
those things away.
It's all over.
Hmm?
Look at her, Anaak's
as good as caught.
Team A has lost.
You sure about that?
Quant now knows which exit
Anaak was heading towards
and he's already on the way.
It's only a matter of time
before he catches up.
And if he catches up with her
on the bridge to the exit,
she'll have nowhere to run.
Khun has no more tricks up
that sleeve of his.
Rak: Don't underestimate
the blue turtle.
Huh?
He's a wily one
and he's always got a plan.
You could be
right about that.
I wonder if Khun replicated
the badge using that bag of his.
That's impossible.
The badges can't be copied
or compressed
since I use Shinsu
to prevent that very act.
In that case,
there's a chance Team A could --
I told you a million times
he's already got a plan.
Now, more chocolate bars,
please.
[ Groans ]
Sorry to keep you waiting.
Now that I'm here.
you can both rest easy.
That little redhead will get
near Anaak over my dead body.
Huh?
What's wrong with you guys?
It really hurts my feelings.
Do you really have
that little faith in me?
Who are you calling
a little redhead, punk?
Hmm?
[ Chuckles nervously ]
Didn't see you there.
You sure are good at
sneaking up on people,
you kidder, you.
[ Laughs nervously ]
[ Growls ]
I'm so sorry!
I couldn't stop him,
now he's gone. [ Sobs ]
I see.
Shibisu was desperate,
at least more so than usual.
[ Grunting ]
Don't let my death
be in vain, Anaak.
Win in my honor!
He knows he passed
without having to try
so hard on his test.
Did he do it for his teammates?
Their undying friendship brings
tears to my eyes.
Now then...
It's all over for you,
I found your "It!" Huh?
Hmm? Impressive.
You made it all the way here.
Hey, why are you here?
Where's your "It"?
Oh, you mean Anaak?
She's not here.
You want me to believe
she hasn't arrived yet.
She should have made it
to the bridge by now.
Where did you hide her?
Well, you're right
on one front.
She was just here,
but you just missed her.
She jumped down
to the exit below us.
[ Laughs ]
That's ridiculous.
From this height?
She is a Princess of Jahad,
after all.
She trained to increase
her physical abilities,
after being injured
during the Fishermen Test.
She's probably running through
the darkness
towards her prize
as we speak.
You know, I never assumed
a Ranker would be scared
to die from this height.
Mm.
♪♪
You?
You're late.
What are you doing?!
Get on.
But the redhead
is right behind me.
Just do it.
I have an idea in the works.
There's no time to explain.
Trust me, okay,
just wait there.
♪♪
If I'm not mistaken,
isn't your Shinsu
supposed to be severely limited
during this test?
If I were you, I'd worry
about running out soon.
[ Growls ]
I see you must have copied
your lighthouse.
Huh?
What are you talking about?
You turned off its glow,
but I can still sense
it's Shinsu
from a mile away.
You're hiding your "It" using
a copy of the lighthouse
under the bridge.
There you go again.
I don't know what you're saying.
In that case,
I have a question.
If you're "It's" only being
held up by your lighthouse
and you jump off with me
and end up flat as a pancake,
what'll happen to her, I wonder?
Let's find out.
Ha!
What's wrong? Scared.
Oh, look at your face.
Come on, I want to hear you beg
and plead for me to save you.
Who knows if you cry
hard enough, I might take pity.
Former son of
the Khun family.
[ Gasps ]
[ Chuckles ]
You got a death wish,
punk?
Huh?
♪♪
Grah!
♪ My mother said to pick
the very best one ♪
♪ And you are not "It" ♪
When I get my hands on you,
I'll kill you!
Now, it's time to end this.
♪♪
[ All groan ]
Awesome! Khun anticipated
everything.
He even expected their "It"
to jump off
the bridge with him.
Tone it down.
Oh, I'm really sorry.
♪♪
Lero Ro:
Well, well, they won
the game after all.
A surprising comeback
for team A, that's for sure.
You're always jumping
to conclusions.
I mean, even with his small
amount of Shinsu left,
Quant couldn't possibly climb
his way back up from there.
[ Chuckles ]
Damn it!
His dumb face
and dumb earrings!
I'll beat him
to a bloody pulp!
I'll kill him!
I hate him so much!
Damn, whatever I do,
I can't lose.
Sounds like you could use
some help.
Huh. Who are you?
Huh!
And with that,
Team A has lost.
Alright.
It's so close I can taste it.
[ Gasps ]
The Ranker.
♪♪
[ Man over P.A. system ]
Team A, your test has ended.
Rankers don't disappoint.
[ Laughter ]
-Incredible!
-Yay!
-Take that.
-Whoo-hoo!
Damn it!
Would you stop moving?
Ow! How was he able to climb up
from all the way down there?
What kind of freak
of nature is he?
Khun: It's my fault.
It was foolish of me
to underestimate
a Ranker's strength.
And I was so confident
when you made me your leader.
You all trusted me
and I've ruined everything
because I made the dumb plan
to capture their "It."
I'm sorry.
Come on, you don't
have to apologize to us.
I mean, right.
Your strategy was one of the
best I'd ever heard, Khun.
You gave the Ranker a run
for his money, twice.
Your plan
was so impressive,
Team B would have never
come up with that.
That's right. Even though we
didn't win, we gave it our all.
So cheer up, okay?
Hmm?
Shibisu.
Thank you.
Aw.
[ Snoring ]
Huh? [ Growls ]
You useless, lump!
You killed the vibe
and ruined our moment!
Damn you, you're always
sleeping. It's annoying.
Apparently you can't
even beat a blanket.
[ Laughter ]
Sounds like you
could use some help.
Huh?
Who are you?
It's me. And also...
Khun?
Hey.
I'm sure
you want to go up.
Huh? I don't know what
you're talking about.
You do.
So don't deny it.
And what's this? You're
betraying your teammates?
[ Yells ]
♪♪
Okay, now, Bam,
make your way up here.
Lero Ro: Why did those two
betray their team?
Betray them?
Helping Quant just before
their team achieves victory?
Definitely betrayal
if I ever saw it.
That's just it, Khun
didn't betray his team.
Oh.
This is Khun's real team.
See for yourself.
But that -- it's
the scout's assignment.
It's quite obvious,
don't you think?
Team A had to lose
while leaving
as many hints
as possible for Team B.
He carefully thought through
and selected what he'd need
to bring to the tower
in order for these 10
to pass the test.
Alright, but Khun, Anaak,
Shibisu, and even Lauroe,
they're currently guaranteed
to pass,
I doubt that idiot will grant
Khun's wish
as easily as he'd hoped,
but let's watch and see.
[ Groans ] Damn it.
Those regulars think
they can toy with me.
I'll make them all pay.
No way.
I said I'm the leader.
Don't be ridiculous.
I am.
Don't make me laugh.
Everyone here knows
that I should be in charge.
Everyone's so desperate
to earn points.
They're laughable.
Man:
Okay, you have no brains.
Rachel's distancing
herself from the group again.
Okay, thanks, gentlemen.
So we're all good with me being
Team B's leader, right?
-Huh.
-Huh?
Endorsi:
What you got some kind
of problem with that?
Oh, of course not.
You there.
How dare you make plans
without the team leader present?
Long live the Princess.
[ Groans ]
Wonderful. Now that
we all know who's "It,"
I'll go put on the badge.
Mm?
Man:
She wants all our Fishermen
to move together?
Is she a total idiot or what?
Man #2:
Yeah, their "It's" going to find
us in a heartbeat.
Know what I think?
That us spear bearer
revolutionaries should --
Don't you mean
revolutionary air heads?
What was that?What was that?
You just watched Team A.
After seeing them lose,
You know that it's impossible
to capture a Ranker.
Her strategy to have
the Fishermen move together,
then scattering after seeing
how their "It" responds,
could prove to be
quite an effective distraction.
[ Panting ]
And we've got a wave controller
on our side.
Man: Whatever.
No way we'll impress
the test administrators
like that.
Exactly. The spear bearer
revolutionaries
will be capturing their "It"
and you'll help us.
Hmph.
♪♪
Hey, Hoh?
Hmm?
Are you still just as set on
climbing the tower?
Why?
I'm not so sure anymore.
I've actually grown
to like these people
when the time comes,
I don't know
if I'll have it in me
to kill any of them.
In my past, I guess I was
a bit of a lowlife
and a semi-decent
cat burglar.
But my luck ran out when I snuck
onto one particular ship.
It should have been routine.
♪♪
But we had no idea there was
a Ranker on board.
In the blink of an eye,
my friends were slaughtered.
I don't want to die here.
Not yet.
But the life I've led
till now has been worthless.
Just when I had that thought,
a God appeared before me
and brought me to the tower.
He rescued me.
When I started,
I was motivated.
I killed everyone I met because
I was so desperate to stay.
But I never thought...
I think you're confused as to
the nature of our relationship.
♪♪
The only reason we're here
is to climb the tower.
We're all competitors,
not friends.
Oh.
We're so sorry!
Stop wasting
my time and my energy.
Hey!
[ Both gasp ]
He's here.
[ Footsteps approach ]
It's the Ranker.
Hurry, take position.
We'll stop him here.
Hmm.
[ Blow lands ]
[ Grunts, groans ]
My plan's coming together.
So thank you.
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪
♪ Where you going?
It's hard to keep up ♪
♪ You're moving so fast
leaving me behind ♪
♪ Gimme an hour,
that's all I need ♪
♪ It's now or never,
I'm running out of time ♪
♪ The seconds are relentless ♪
♪ I'm helpless as they keep
flying by ♪
♪ Stuck here in the desert, I
feel like I'm in an hourglass ♪
♪ Maybe I can stay and be
comfortable living in the past ♪
♪ But I don't wanna be alone so
can you take me to you now ♪
♪ Too fast, I try to follow
but I'm losing hope ♪
♪ We used to walk together down
this winding road ♪
♪ But you're so far ahead it
seems impossible to catch up ♪
♪ And now I'm walking on my way,
all alone, I'm feeling so cold ♪
♪ Not getting anywhere,
I feel like I'm in slow mode ♪
♪ Used to be a winner,
everything ♪
♪ Was all black and white ♪
♪ Now I'm bottom of the pile,
a dusty photo ♪
♪ I'm afraid I'm gonna be left
stranded by myself ♪
♪ All the foolish dreams I had
inside of me are broken ♪
♪ Everything I wanted in the
distance out of reach ♪
♪ Am I the only one that's gon'
stay here forgotten, ey ♪
♪♪